you too
Y
link somehow fell into another
dimension and is now in our time
I presented
It should be mentioned that the transition has been
a bit difficult for him
where the hell I am or if he
I can talk now too
it's dangerous and just all this no thanks
not only is it ok I would take measures
something change does not forgive - look I need
money for the bus and give you a sword
and loose shit
and great
the
what the hell are you using and you look like
reds ready for him to retract and
now that less than you would break them
two in small pieces
and
God
ah
if you want to pluck me the ass that better
I'm old even though it's going to be a
fat colon like you against a sword
like mine
and never again call me korol which is what
which means a chubby that from
any way is very bad and
politically incorrect
let me do is stupid sounds of
alaberga I thought I had killed
good as you told me I had
to be use nothing
hello cute want a party
nothing
i
oops
and finally a vase shop
I can go in to break some drawers
and that they put some rupees
and then man to my horse your mom
that way I can always tell me
I'm riding your mom
I will
you can stop doing that you should
iron a bomb to it if you really
you want to teach them a lesson in a
pump in the angle
in red because that means it's
about to explode
or
there are more important things to do is
change so rolling the clouds not with this
big
despite 16 epic adventures in hair
a link only lasted 25 minutes in the
land
to see it and this
hard
further down in the description I can
upload where I want is a free country
on the subscribe button before
start flashing red because that
it means that it will explode
that's weird because he's proposing in
Red